# **Resume Generator**
#### Team Members: Devi, Umair, and Gugo

## Project description:

* Our project aims to create a resume generator using javax.swing library where the user is required to provide input(their education, work experience, skills, etc.) and the code will turn it into a resume format. 

* Give a brief technical guide to running your code:
    * The technical requirements include a functional computer with :
        * 1. Java Development Kit (JDK):
        * 2. Java Virtual Machine (JVM):
        * 3. Integrated Development Environment (IDE): 
        * 4. Operating System (OS):
    * How should somebody run the program? Where is the main class?

        The main class is in the ‘ResumeGenerator.java’ class in the source code under the ‘sections’ package.

* Acknowledge any help, references, inspiration, or outside resources you used. If your game includes any art or sound assets, or includes the work of others in any way, credit the creator(s) and link to the source(s).
    * To be done

## Known Issues
* Are there fundamental design limitations that users should be aware of?

    The key design limitation is that our resume generator is just an ambitious attempt to try to understand the ways in which we could create a tool for building a resume. However, this app should not be mistaken for creating a professional resume and people should always check their resumes with the necessary professionals. 

* Are there specific bugs, glitches, or shortcomings that users should be aware of?

    To be done.

## Societal impact:
* **Positive impacts:**
        
    * Increased efficiency for job seekers: With a resume generator, job seekers can quickly create professional-looking resumes that meet the requirements of job postings, saving time and effort in the job search process.
    
    * Improved job prospects: The ability to generate a high-quality resume could potentially help job seekers stand out in a competitive job market, increasing their chances of getting hired.

* **Negative impacts:**
    
    * Reduced human involvement: The use of a resume generator could lead to a reduction in the need for human involvement in the recruitment process. This could potentially lead to biases and discrimination, as resumes generated by software may not be as comprehensive as those created by a human.
    
    * Decreased diversity: The use of resume generators could lead to a decrease in diversity in the workplace. If resumes generated by the software follow a certain format or style, it could potentially limit the range of candidates that are considered for job opportunities.

## Conclusion
In general, the resume generator is supposed to have a positive impact in helping people to format their resumes faster with the help of java. However, if people mistake it for an “ideal” resume creator it can lead to some negative consequences when the required resume format does not match with our generator. 











